This is our secret formula to working
pain-free at our desk. It may sound weird,
but a good 50% of our time is spent sitting on
the floor on a cushion or a meditation bench,
which is more comfortable than you might imagine.
Like stock pictures of people meditating, on
the floor, we find ourselves naturally
sitting upright and keeping an aligned
posture. We also subconsciously shift between
different positions, and as the saying goes,
motion is lotion. But the good thing about a
floor-to-standing desk like the marinamantra Flow
is we're not stuck to only sitting on the floor.
About 20% of the time we'll be standing, another
20% of the time will be sitting on a balance
ball, and the remainder of the time we have
the miscellaneous stuff like one of my favorites,
stretching the hip flexors. But no matter how you
choose to work at your desk, just make sure to
add more movement, even micro movement to your day.